# a-t-wedding
## Code Samples
* **API interaction** - This code utilizes [Firebase]{www.firebase.com} as a simple back-end database for the *Guestbook* section.  Interfacing with Firebase happens via API endpoints in two different ways:
  1. **Retrieving data:** In the javascript code (written with the AngularJS framework and utilizing the AngularFire library) there is a call out to Firebase to establish a persistent connection in a state known as three-way binding.  Once this connection is established, any changes to the data in Firebase are then pushed back to the client.  At this point, the client-side code renders the new state.  In the case of the Guestbook the connection with Firebase is established in the GuestbookController (/app/guestbook/guestbook-controller.js) at line 23.  The markup (/app/guestbook/guestbook.html) at line 9 is using Angular's ng-repeat directive to build out an <li> element for each record in Firebase, whose data is bound to the local fbContent variable.
  2. **Adding data:** In the server code (written in simple procedural PHP and utilizing one third-party PHP class and one helper PHP class) there is an endpoint at 'FirebaseUpdate.php' to take POST data in the form of a JSON encoded string and translate that information into a simple CURL POST request to Firebase.  The PHP endpoint itself is called via the GuestbookController (/app/guestbook/guestbook-controller.js) in a vanilla $http.post() AJAX procedure.   
* **HTML5 Elements** - This code utilizes a third-party library in [audio.js]{kolber.github.io/audiojs/} to encapsulate HTML5 audio playback of an .mp3 file with a Flash player fallback.  The player library is initialized in the AngularJS controller 'AudioController' (line 69 of /js/script.js).  HTML5 <audio> is a great standard on modern browsers, but for supporting older technologies such as Internet Explorer 8, the Flash player fallback is a necessary extra step to maintain graceful degradation. 